README.md, before:

<div align="center">

## Portfolio Website 

</div>

<h3 align="center">A responsive portfolio website that includes a home page with navigation to different views, Initiated: 09-03-2021 Modified:00-00-00</h3>
<h4 align="center"> By Sofia Acosta</h4>

## Description
It will include the following views: projects (media), events, blog, about, sign-up form, news, VAULT EP and contact. 

MVP: 
- A functional sign up form so users can submit their email to recieve occasional news. 
- Some sort of UI so users can navigate through content.
- Connect database to a newsletter marketing tool. 

## UI Diagram
![Screen Shot 2021-09-10 at 12 47 05 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76922539/132920907-dbfc4bf4-185d-403f-95bb-23cf76f3a978.png)

## Notes 
### September 3rd, 2021
- I decided to build the project on React and use Mailchimp as a marketing tool to manage email subscriptions. At the moment I want to incorporate something functional and spend time on working with UI.
- I am using [https://tailwindcss.com/]() for my css framework as I want to make this website responsive.
### September 8, 2021
- I looked at documentation and installed Tailwind into project.
- I added Mailchimp's form embeded code for Newslettter. 
### September 10, 2021
- I spent some time looking at different websites to have an idea on how to design mine. The focus is to be professional,creative and engaging. 
- I made a list of all the content I currently have to have a better idea on where to place it.
### September 14, 2021
- Fixed bug on newsletter form
- Removed address from mailchimp's sign-up confirmation page
- Added Google Analytics to Mailchimp
- Made map of components
- Add component skeleton
### September 16,2021
- Install and read about React Router
- Add routing links for nav bar
### September 19,2021
- Add routings to each link in nav bar 

## Setup/Installation Requirements
- Click on the link to my repository: [https://github.com/Sofacosta/portfolio-website]()
- Click on the green "Code" button and copy the repository URL
- Open your terminal and use the command `git clone https://github.com/Sofacosta/portfolio-website` into the directory you would like to clone the repository
- Open in text editor to view code and make changes
- Install npm
- Type npm run start

## Known Bugs
- none

## Technologies Used

- React
- Javascript
- Tailwind
- Node Package Manager 
- HTML
- CSS
- React-router

### License

This software is licensed under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

## Contact Information 
Sofia Acosta sofiaacostarascon@gmail.com

Commit message:

add data folder, navItem component, refactor nav.js, edit home

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

## Portfolio Website 

</div>

<h3 align="center">A responsive portfolio website that includes a home page with navigation to different views, Initiated: 09-03-2021 Modified:00-00-00</h3>
<h4 align="center"> By Sofia Acosta</h4>

## Description
It will include the following views: projects (media), events, blog, about, sign-up form, news, VAULT EP and contact. 

MVP: 
- A functional sign up form so users can submit their email to recieve occasional news. 
- Some sort of UI so users can navigate through content.
- Connect database to a newsletter marketing tool. 

## UI Diagram
![Screen Shot 2021-09-10 at 12 47 05 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76922539/132920907-dbfc4bf4-185d-403f-95bb-23cf76f3a978.png)

## Notes 
### September 3rd, 2021
- I decided to build the project on React and use Mailchimp as a marketing tool to manage email subscriptions. At the moment I want to incorporate something functional and spend time on working with UI.
- I am using [https://tailwindcss.com/]() for my css framework as I want to make this website responsive.
### September 8, 2021
- I looked at documentation and installed Tailwind into project.
- I added Mailchimp's form embeded code for Newslettter. 
### September 10, 2021
- I spent some time looking at different websites to have an idea on how to design mine. The focus is to be professional,creative and engaging. 
- I made a list of all the content I currently have to have a better idea on where to place it.
### September 14, 2021
- Fixed bug on newsletter form
- Removed address from mailchimp's sign-up confirmation page
- Added Google Analytics to Mailchimp
- Made map of components
- Add component skeleton
### September 16,2021
- Install and read about React Router
- Add routing links for nav bar
### September 19,2021
- Add routings to each link in nav bar 
### September 20, 2021
- Read documentation for using Tailwind to style the nav bar
- Refactor nav bar code

## Setup/Installation Requirements
- Click on the link to my repository: [https://github.com/Sofacosta/portfolio-website]()
- Click on the green "Code" button and copy the repository URL
- Open your terminal and use the command `git clone https://github.com/Sofacosta/portfolio-website` into the directory you would like to clone the repository
- Open in text editor to view code and make changes
- Install npm
- Type npm run start

## Known Bugs
- none

## Technologies Used

- React
- Javascript
- Tailwind
- Node Package Manager 
- HTML
- CSS
- React-router

### License

This software is licensed under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

## Contact Information 
Sofia Acosta sofiaacostarascon@gmail.com
